Add release notes for 16.8.14 (#10734)
chef/chef: RELEASE_NOTES.md

This file holds "in progress" release notes for the current release under development and is intended for consumption by the Chef Documentation team. Please see <https://docs.chef.io/release_notes/> for the official Chef release notes.

# What's New in 16.8.14

- Updated openSSL to 1.0.2x to resolve [CVE-2020-1971](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-1971).
- Updated libarchive to 3.5.0, which powers the `archive_file` resource. This new release resolves extraction failures and better handles symlinks in archives.

> - `knife ssh` will now properly raise and error when attempting to use sudo without a tty or an askpass program specified. Thanks for the fix [@rveznaver](https://github.com/rveznaver)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `knife ssh` will now properly raise an error when attempting to use sudo without a tty or an askpass program specified. Thanks for the fix [@rveznaver](https://github.com/rveznaver)!
```

> - Resolve failures running the audit cookbook introduced in the 16.8.9 release. Thanks for reporting this issue [@axelrtgs](https://github.com/axelrtgs)!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Resolve failures running the Compliance Phase introduced in the 16.8.9 release. Thanks for reporting this issue [@axelrtgs](https://github.com/axelrtgs)!
```
